---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openai_embedding Resource - terraform-provider-openai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Embedding Resource
---

# openai_embedding (Resource)

Embedding Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "openai_embedding" "my_embedding" {
  input = {
    str = "The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog"
  }
  model = "text-embedding-ada-002"
  user  = "user-1234"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `input` (Attributes) Input text to embed, encoded as a string or array of tokens. To embed multiple inputs in a single request, pass an array of strings or array of token arrays. Each input must not exceed the max input tokens for the model (8191 tokens for `text-embedding-ada-002`). [Example Python code](https://github.com/openai/openai-cookbook/blob/main/examples/How_to_count_tokens_with_tiktoken.ipynb) for counting tokens.

Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--input))
- `model` (String) ID of the model to use. You can use the [List models](/docs/api-reference/models/list) API to see all of your available models, or see our [Model overview](/docs/models/overview) for descriptions of them.

Requires replacement if changed. ; must be one of ["text-embedding-ada-002"]

### Optional

- `user` (String) A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. [Learn more](/docs/guides/safety-best-practices/end-user-ids).

Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `object` (String)
- `usage` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usage))

<a id="nestedatt--input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input`

Optional:

- `array_of_array_of_integer` (List of List of Number) Requires replacement if changed.
- `array_of_integer` (List of Number) Requires replacement if changed.
- `array_of_str` (List of String) Requires replacement if changed.
- `str` (String) Requires replacement if changed.


<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `embedding` (List of Number)
- `index` (Number)
- `object` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage`

Read-Only:

- `prompt_tokens` (Number)
- `total_tokens` (Number)
